then the Lord spoke to Moses this shall
then the Lord spoke to Moses this shall be the law of the leper for the day of
be the law of the leper for the day of
be the law of the leper for the day of his cleansing he shall be brought to the
his cleansing he shall be brought to the
his cleansing he shall be brought to the priest and the priest shall go out of
priest and the priest shall go out of
priest and the priest shall go out of the camp and the priest shall examine
the camp and the priest shall examine
the camp and the priest shall examine him and indeed if the leprosy is healed
him and indeed if the leprosy is healed
him and indeed if the leprosy is healed in the leper then the priest shall
in the leper then the priest shall
in the leper then the priest shall command to take for him who is to be
command to take for him who is to be
command to take for him who is to be cleansed to living and clean birds cedar
cleansed to living and clean birds cedar
cleansed to living and clean birds cedar wood scarlet and hyssop and the priest
wood scarlet and hyssop and the priest
wood scarlet and hyssop and the priest shall command that one of the birds be
shall command that one of the birds be
shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running
killed in an earthen vessel over running
killed in an earthen vessel over running water as for the living bird he shall
water as for the living bird he shall
water as for the living bird he shall take it the cedar wood and the scarlet
take it the cedar wood and the scarlet
take it the cedar wood and the scarlet and the hyssop and dipped them and the
and the hyssop and dipped them and the
and the hyssop and dipped them and the living bird in the blood of the bird
living bird in the blood of the bird
living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water
that was killed over the running water
that was killed over the running water and he shall sprinkle it seven times on
and he shall sprinkle it seven times on
and he shall sprinkle it seven times on him who is to be cleansed from the
him who is to be cleansed from the
him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy and shall pronounce him clean
leprosy and shall pronounce him clean
leprosy and shall pronounce him clean and shall let the living bird loose in
and shall let the living bird loose in
and shall let the living bird loose in the open field he who is to be cleansed
the open field he who is to be cleansed
the open field he who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes shave off all his
shall wash his clothes shave off all his
shall wash his clothes shave off all his hair and wash himself in water that he
hair and wash himself in water that he
hair and wash himself in water that he may be clean after that he shall come
may be clean after that he shall come
may be clean after that he shall come into the camp and shall stay outside his
into the camp and shall stay outside his
into the camp and shall stay outside his tent seven days but on the seventh day
tent seven days but on the seventh day
tent seven days but on the seventh day he shall shave all the hair off his head
he shall shave all the hair off his head
he shall shave all the hair off his head and his beard and his eyebrows all his
and his beard and his eyebrows all his
and his beard and his eyebrows all his hair he shall
hair he shall
hair he shall shave off he shall wash his clothes and
shave off he shall wash his clothes and
shave off he shall wash his clothes and wash his body in water and he shall be
wash his body in water and he shall be
wash his body in water and he shall be clean and on the eighth day he shall
clean and on the eighth day he shall
clean and on the eighth day he shall take two male lambs without blemish one
take two male lambs without blemish one
take two male lambs without blemish one ewe lamb of the first year without
ewe lamb of the first year without
ewe lamb of the first year without blemish three tenths of an ephah of fine
blemish three tenths of an ephah of fine
blemish three tenths of an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering
flour mixed with oil as a grain offering
flour mixed with oil as a grain offering and one log of oil then the priest who
and one log of oil then the priest who
and one log of oil then the priest who makes him clean shall present the man
makes him clean shall present the man
makes him clean shall present the man who is to be made clean and those things
who is to be made clean and those things
who is to be made clean and those things before the Lord of the door of the
before the Lord of the door of the
before the Lord of the door of the tabernacle of meeting and the priest
tabernacle of meeting and the priest
tabernacle of meeting and the priest shall take one male lamb and offer it as
shall take one male lamb and offer it as
shall take one male lamb and offer it as a trespass offering and the log of oil
a trespass offering and the log of oil
a trespass offering and the log of oil and waved them as a wave offering before
and waved them as a wave offering before
and waved them as a wave offering before the Lord then he shall kill the lamb in
the Lord then he shall kill the lamb in
the Lord then he shall kill the lamb in the place where he kills the sin
the place where he kills the sin
the place where he kills the sin offering and the burnt offering in a
offering and the burnt offering in a
offering and the burnt offering in a holy place for us the sin offering is
holy place for us the sin offering is
holy place for us the sin offering is the priests so is the trespass offering
the priests so is the trespass offering
the priests so is the trespass offering it is most holy the priests shall take
it is most holy the priests shall take
it is most holy the priests shall take some of the blood of the trespass
some of the blood of the trespass
some of the blood of the trespass offering and the priests shall put it on
offering and the priests shall put it on
offering and the priests shall put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is
the tip of the right ear of him who is
the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed on the thumb of his right
to be cleansed on the thumb of his right
to be cleansed on the thumb of his right hand and on the big toe of his right
hand and on the big toe of his right
hand and on the big toe of his right foot and the priest shall take some of
foot and the priest shall take some of
foot and the priest shall take some of the log of oil and pour it into the palm
the log of oil and pour it into the palm
the log of oil and pour it into the palm of his own
of his own
of his own and then the priest shall dip his right
and then the priest shall dip his right
and then the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left
finger in the oil that is in his left
finger in the oil that is in his left hand and shall sprinkle some of the oil
hand and shall sprinkle some of the oil
hand and shall sprinkle some of the oil with his finger seven times before the
with his finger seven times before the
with his finger seven times before the Lord and of the rest of the oil in his
Lord and of the rest of the oil in his
Lord and of the rest of the oil in his hand the priest shall put some on the
hand the priest shall put some on the
hand the priest shall put some on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be
tip of the right ear of him who is to be
tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed on the thumb of his right hand
cleansed on the thumb of his right hand
cleansed on the thumb of his right hand and on the big toe of his right foot on
and on the big toe of his right foot on
and on the big toe of his right foot on the blood of the trespass offering the
the blood of the trespass offering the
the blood of the trespass offering the rest of the oil that is in the priests
rest of the oil that is in the priests
rest of the oil that is in the priests hand he shall put on the head of him who
hand he shall put on the head of him who
hand he shall put on the head of him who is to be cleansed so the priest shall
is to be cleansed so the priest shall
is to be cleansed so the priest shall make atonement for him before the Lord
make atonement for him before the Lord
make atonement for him before the Lord then the priest shall offer the sin
then the priest shall offer the sin
then the priest shall offer the sin offering and make atonement for him who
offering and make atonement for him who
offering and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed from his uncleanness
is to be cleansed from his uncleanness
is to be cleansed from his uncleanness afterward he shall kill the burnt
afterward he shall kill the burnt
afterward he shall kill the burnt offering and the priest shall offer the
offering and the priest shall offer the
offering and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the grain offering on
burnt offering and the grain offering on
burnt offering and the grain offering on the altar so the priest shall make
the altar so the priest shall make
the altar so the priest shall make atonement for him and he shall be clean
atonement for him and he shall be clean
atonement for him and he shall be clean but if he is poor and cannot afford it
but if he is poor and cannot afford it
but if he is poor and cannot afford it then he shall take one male lamb as a
then he shall take one male lamb as a
then he shall take one male lamb as a trespass offering to be waived to make a
trespass offering to be waived to make a
trespass offering to be waived to make a tournament for him one tenth of an ephah
tournament for him one tenth of an ephah
tournament for him one tenth of an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering a log of oil and two
offering a log of oil and two
offering a log of oil and two turtledoves or two young pigeons such as
turtledoves or two young pigeons such as
turtledoves or two young pigeons such as he is able to afford one shall be a sin
he is able to afford one shall be a sin
he is able to afford one shall be a sin offering and the other a burnt offering
offering and the other a burnt offering
offering and the other a burnt offering he shall bring them to the priest on the
he shall bring them to the priest on the
he shall bring them to the priest on the eighth day for his cleansing to the door
eighth day for his cleansing to the door
eighth day for his cleansing to the door of the tabernacle of meeting before the
of the tabernacle of meeting before the
of the tabernacle of meeting before the Lord
Lord
Lord and the priest shall take the lam of the
and the priest shall take the lam of the
and the priest shall take the lam of the trespass offering and the log of oil and
trespass offering and the log of oil and
trespass offering and the log of oil and the priest shall wave them as a wave
the priest shall wave them as a wave
the priest shall wave them as a wave offering before the Lord then he shall
offering before the Lord then he shall
offering before the Lord then he shall kill the Lamb of the trespass offering
kill the Lamb of the trespass offering
kill the Lamb of the trespass offering and the priest shall take some of the
and the priest shall take some of the
and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put
blood of the trespass offering and put
blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him
it on the tip of the right ear of him
it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed on the thumb of
who is to be cleansed on the thumb of
who is to be cleansed on the thumb of his right hand and on the big toe of his
his right hand and on the big toe of his
his right hand and on the big toe of his right foot and the priests will pour
right foot and the priests will pour
right foot and the priests will pour some of the oil into the palm of his own
some of the oil into the palm of his own
some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand then the priest shall sprinkle
left hand then the priest shall sprinkle
left hand then the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger some of the oil
with his right finger some of the oil
with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times
that is in his left hand seven times
that is in his left hand seven times before the Lord and the priest shall put
before the Lord and the priest shall put
before the Lord and the priest shall put some of the oil that is in his hand on
some of the oil that is in his hand on
some of the oil that is in his hand on the tip of the right ear of him who is
the tip of the right ear of him who is
the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed on the thumb of the right
to be cleansed on the thumb of the right
to be cleansed on the thumb of the right hand and on the big toe of his right
hand and on the big toe of his right
hand and on the big toe of his right foot on the place of the blood of the
foot on the place of the blood of the
foot on the place of the blood of the trespass offering the rest of the oil
trespass offering the rest of the oil
trespass offering the rest of the oil that is in the priests hand he shall put
that is in the priests hand he shall put
that is in the priests hand he shall put on the head of him who is to be cleansed
on the head of him who is to be cleansed
on the head of him who is to be cleansed to make atonement for him before the
to make atonement for him before the
to make atonement for him before the Lord and he shall offer one of the
Lord and he shall offer one of the
Lord and he shall offer one of the turtle doves or young pigeons such as he
turtle doves or young pigeons such as he
turtle doves or young pigeons such as he can afford such as he is able to afford
can afford such as he is able to afford
can afford such as he is able to afford the one as a sin offering and the other
the one as a sin offering and the other
the one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering with the grain
as a burnt offering with the grain
as a burnt offering with the grain offering so the priest shall make
offering so the priest shall make
offering so the priest shall make atonement for him who is to be cleanse
atonement for him who is to be cleanse
atonement for him who is to be cleanse before the Lord this is the law for one
before the Lord this is the law for one
before the Lord this is the law for one who had a leprous saw who cannot afford
who had a leprous saw who cannot afford
who had a leprous saw who cannot afford the usual cleansing and the Lord spoke
the usual cleansing and the Lord spoke
the usual cleansing and the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron when you have come
to Moses and Aaron when you have come
to Moses and Aaron when you have come into the land of
into the land of
into the land of which I give you as a possession and I
which I give you as a possession and I
which I give you as a possession and I put the leprous plague in a house in the
put the leprous plague in a house in the
put the leprous plague in a house in the land of your possession
land of your possession
land of your possession and he who owns the house comes and
and he who owns the house comes and
and he who owns the house comes and tells the priest saying it seems to me
tells the priest saying it seems to me
tells the priest saying it seems to me that there is some plague in the house
that there is some plague in the house
that there is some plague in the house then the priests shove command that they
then the priests shove command that they
then the priests shove command that they empty the house before the priest goes
empty the house before the priest goes
empty the house before the priest goes into it to examine the plague that all
into it to examine the plague that all
into it to examine the plague that all that is in the house may not be made
that is in the house may not be made
that is in the house may not be made unclean and afterward the priest shall
unclean and afterward the priest shall
unclean and afterward the priest shall go in to examine the house and he shall
go in to examine the house and he shall
go in to examine the house and he shall examine the plague and indeed if the
examine the plague and indeed if the
examine the plague and indeed if the plague is on the walls of the house with
plague is on the walls of the house with
plague is on the walls of the house with ingrained streaks greenish or reddish
ingrained streaks greenish or reddish
ingrained streaks greenish or reddish which appear to be deep in the wall then
which appear to be deep in the wall then
which appear to be deep in the wall then the priest shall go out of the house to
the priest shall go out of the house to
the priest shall go out of the house to the door of the house and shut up the
the door of the house and shut up the
the door of the house and shut up the house seven days and the priest shall
house seven days and the priest shall
house seven days and the priest shall come again on the seventh day and look
come again on the seventh day and look
come again on the seventh day and look and indeed if the plague has spread on
and indeed if the plague has spread on
and indeed if the plague has spread on the walls of the house then the priest
the walls of the house then the priest
the walls of the house then the priest shall command that they take away the
shall command that they take away the
shall command that they take away the stones in which is the plague and they
stones in which is the plague and they
stones in which is the plague and they shall cast them into an unclean place
shall cast them into an unclean place
shall cast them into an unclean place outside the city and he shall cause the
outside the city and he shall cause the
outside the city and he shall cause the house to be scraped inside all around
house to be scraped inside all around
house to be scraped inside all around and the dust that they scrape off they
and the dust that they scrape off they
and the dust that they scrape off they shall pour out in an unclean place
shall pour out in an unclean place
shall pour out in an unclean place outside the city then they shall take
outside the city then they shall take
outside the city then they shall take other stones and put them in the place
other stones and put them in the place
other stones and put them in the place of those stones and he shall take other
of those stones and he shall take other
of those stones and he shall take other mortar and plaster the house now if the
mortar and plaster the house now if the
mortar and plaster the house now if the plague comes back and breaks out in the
plague comes back and breaks out in the
plague comes back and breaks out in the house after he has taken away the stones
house after he has taken away the stones
house after he has taken away the stones after he has scraped the house and after
after he has scraped the house and after
after he has scraped the house and after it is plastered then the priest shall
it is plastered then the priest shall
it is plastered then the priest shall come and look and indeed if the plague
come and look and indeed if the plague
come and look and indeed if the plague have spread in the house it is an active
have spread in the house it is an active
have spread in the house it is an active leprosy in the house it is ugly
leprosy in the house it is ugly
leprosy in the house it is ugly and he shall break down the house its
and he shall break down the house its
and he shall break down the house its stones its timber and all the plaster of
stones its timber and all the plaster of
stones its timber and all the plaster of the house and he shall carry them
the house and he shall carry them
the house and he shall carry them outside the city to an unclean place
outside the city to an unclean place
outside the city to an unclean place moreover he who goes into the house at
moreover he who goes into the house at
moreover he who goes into the house at all while it is shut up shall be unclean
all while it is shut up shall be unclean
all while it is shut up shall be unclean until evening and he who lies down in
until evening and he who lies down in
until evening and he who lies down in the house shall wash his clothes and he
the house shall wash his clothes and he
the house shall wash his clothes and he who eats in the house shall wash his
who eats in the house shall wash his
who eats in the house shall wash his clothes but if the priest comes in and
clothes but if the priest comes in and
clothes but if the priest comes in and examines it and indeed the plague has
examines it and indeed the plague has
examines it and indeed the plague has not spread in the house after the house
not spread in the house after the house
not spread in the house after the house was plastered then the priest shall
was plastered then the priest shall
was plastered then the priest shall pronounce the house clean because the
pronounce the house clean because the
pronounce the house clean because the plague is healed and he shall take to
plague is healed and he shall take to
plague is healed and he shall take to cleanse the house to birds cedar wood
cleanse the house to birds cedar wood
cleanse the house to birds cedar wood scarlet and hyssop then he shall kill
scarlet and hyssop then he shall kill
scarlet and hyssop then he shall kill one of the birds in an earthen vessel of
one of the birds in an earthen vessel of
one of the birds in an earthen vessel of a running water and he shall take the
a running water and he shall take the
a running water and he shall take the seed award the hiss of the scarlet and
seed award the hiss of the scarlet and
seed award the hiss of the scarlet and the living bird and dip them in the
the living bird and dip them in the
the living bird and dip them in the blood of the slain bird and in the
blood of the slain bird and in the
blood of the slain bird and in the running water and sprinkle the house
running water and sprinkle the house
running water and sprinkle the house seven times and he shall cleanse the
seven times and he shall cleanse the
seven times and he shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird and the
house with the blood of the bird and the
house with the blood of the bird and the running water and the living bird with
running water and the living bird with
running water and the living bird with the cedar wood the hyssop and the
the cedar wood the hyssop and the
the cedar wood the hyssop and the scarlet then he shall let the living
scarlet then he shall let the living
scarlet then he shall let the living bird loose outside the city in the open
bird loose outside the city in the open
bird loose outside the city in the open field and make atonement for the house
field and make atonement for the house
field and make atonement for the house and it shall be cleaned this is the law
and it shall be cleaned this is the law
and it shall be cleaned this is the law for any leprous or and scale for the
for any leprous or and scale for the
for any leprous or and scale for the leprosy of a garment and of a house for
leprosy of a garment and of a house for
leprosy of a garment and of a house for a swelling and a scab and a bright spot
a swelling and a scab and a bright spot
a swelling and a scab and a bright spot to teach when it is unclean and when it
to teach when it is unclean and when it
to teach when it is unclean and when it is clean this is the law of
is clean this is the law of
is clean this is the law of [Music]